Filtering dialog buttons improvement (#356)
iTwin/presentation: .changeset/modern-pugs-yell.md

---
"@itwin/presentation-components": minor
---

> - **Reset** button added which will clear all the filtering rules in the dialog.
> - Ability to press **Apply** button when no filtering rules are selected.
> - Clear hierarchy level filter if **Apply** is pressed when no filtering rules are selected.
> - `toolbarRenderer` added to introduce ability to render a custom toolbar in the filtering dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PresentationInstanceFilterDialog` enhancements:
  - Changed the "Apply" button to always be enabled, even when no filtering rules are selected.
  - Added a "Reset" button which clears all the filtering rules in the dialog.
  - Added a `toolbarRenderer` prop to allow rendering a custom buttons' toolbar at the bottom of the dialog.

- Changed `PresentationTreeRenderer` to clear hierarchy level filter if filtering dialog was closed by clicking "Apply" with no filtering rules in the dialog.
```
